# PlanetaryPy TC Meeting 2020 December 22nd @ 1:30 PM MDT

* Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/2789149686

## Participants

* Michael Aye
* Ross Beyer
* Andrew Annex
* Chase Million

## Agenda

### Outstanding action items from last time

* MA: Set up GH action for tag based pypi upload of `pvl`
  * Finished. 
* MA will merge the package-template and planetarypy PRs
  * package-template should be done. 
  * New code has been pushed to planetarypy. Ross has many concerns and will comment on PR.
  
* MA to finish pvl review.
  * Done.

### pvl workflow discussion

* Github releases create DOIs via Zenodo, so that's the use case for them
* Maybe not worth to remove pushing to testpypi
* Current config is set up
* Tests?
  * need to convert to GH workflows/actions or Circle CI due to new Travis CI free account restrictions
* difference between workflow and action?
  * multiple actions can be in a workflow
  
### Pypi 2FA failure story

* What do we learn?
* Do we need to require or at least encourage minimum 2 to 3 maintainers per project distributed to pypi?
  * We could add this to the review package, can be checked via the public project website how many maintainers are there
* Also recommend 2 or 3 maintainers for conda feedstocks


### Status of `pvl` application?

* Merged Jesse's
* All is fine.
* MA will put the review results into the PR and that will be merged then.

### We have now an affiliated package, what now?

* Need to have a webpage listing these.
* For now we just keep things in the README

### Continue discussion on planetarypy core

* Is config file **ONLY** for one path? Could be done with a simpler one line file?
* Let MA add some more files to see where this is going.
* Should be implement a "monthly release" ?
  * MA wants to do it for now for core, let's see if it happens.

### Other projects to add as Affiliated?

* planetary constants?
* Work on other grandfathered projects of planetarypy org?
* Chase works on `pdr` as a unified reader module/package
* Spiceypy?
* kalasiris?
* Chase lets us know that he works on Mars2020 focused package that will be open-sourced at some point. 
  It would fit well as an affiliated package.

### AOB

* GH will introduce new tools for renaming default branches beginning in January 2021.
  * Want to wait with renaming core's master to main until then. It's currently private anyway.
* Ask Rene (Brother of MA) for a draft icon/ logo ?

## Action Items

* MA: Complete pvl app by pushing changes to PR
* MA: Add more code to core package
* Others: Look at PR for core package
* All: Think about which next project should be added to PlanetaryPy as aff. package
* AA/RB: Submit PR for adding SpiceyPy and Kalasiris as aff. package
