# PlanetaryPy TC Meeting 2020 June 16th @ 1:30 PM MDT

* Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/639130426

## Participants

* ?

## Agenda

### Outstanding action items from last time
* MA to review #28 PR to readme for PVL application
* MA to create build branch on upstream package-template repo and then create the PR from fork/build to upstream/build

### Package template PR for master AND build branches
* Pending actions from MA.


### Proposal to make PRs to TC Meetings directory only require 1 approval instead of 2.
* PSO TC has done this for their Meetings directory, we probably should, too.


### pvl 
* Application Status?  No comments of any kind on PR.
* Issue and PR Templates Created
* Dev concerns: Low head-count is making progress difficult.  There
  are two PRs, both at least two weeks old, one with 1 approval
  ([#53](https://github.com/planetarypy/pvl/pull/53)), 1 with none
  ([#61](https://github.com/planetarypy/pvl/pull/61)) which also has no discussion.
  Ross has several others that he hasn't PRed, because the current PRs are languishing.
* Improved collections handling proposal ([#62](https://github.com/planetarypy/pvl/issues/62))


### How to solicit more PlanetaryPy involvement?


## Action Items

* ?
