# PlanetaryPy TC Meeting 2020 July 21st @ 1:30 PM MDT

* Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/2789149686

## Participants

* Ross Beyer
* Michael Aye

## Agenda

### Outstanding action items from last time
* MA to review #28 PR to readme for PVL application, see discussion and actions below
* MA to create build branch on upstream package-template repo and then create the PR from fork/build to upstream/build, completed.

### Package template PR for master AND build branches
* Michael has worked on this, and is about half done.  More at next meeting.


### Proposal to make PRs to TC Meetings directory only require 1 approval instead of 2.
* Done: merged [#31](https://github.com/planetarypy/TC/pull/31)


### pvl 
* Application Status?  Michael has completed his review as coordinator, but needs to 
  reach out to get an external reviewer.
* Issue and PR Templates Created
* Dev concerns: Low head-count is making progress difficult.  PR [#63](https://github.com/planetarypy/pvl/pull/63) would address by relaxing merging requirements.  Conversation was
  generally in favor of making the change detailed in PR63 for PVL.
* Improved collections handling proposal ([#62](https://github.com/planetarypy/pvl/issues/62))
* In our discussion about these PRs (and for package-template), we discovered that maybe 
  notification was a problem, and we agreed that we should be more proactive about using the
  GitHub "Request Reviewers" feature, basically just doing it *all the time* for every PR.


### How to solicit more PlanetaryPy involvement?
* Bring up the topic in OP Slack?
* Brainstorm more next time


## Action Items

* MA: Send review request for [PVL
  Application](https://github.com/planetarypy/pvl/pull/28) to Jesse
* MA: more work to wrap up package-template
