# PlanetaryPy TC Meeting 2020 October 20th @ 1:30 PM MDT

* Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/2789149686

## Participants

* Michael Aye (MA)
* Andrew Annex (AA)
* Chase Million (CM)
* Ross Beyer (RB)

## Agenda

### Outstanding action items from last time

* RB: Add "SPICE" dialect to `pvl`
    - Decided to no-op: Turns out that SPICE text kernels have several
	  other departures from the PVL specification, and it just isn't 
      appropriate to have that in the `pvl` library.  One could write a
      relatively simple library that depended on `pvl` for most of the heavy
      lifting to do this.
    - Maybe should become affiliated package
    
* MA: Push template with src layout up
 * Done.
* MA: Set up GH action for tag based pypi upload of `pvl`

* Motion:
 * To get things rolling in planetarypy core, only ask for review if it feels necessary. (suggested by AA).
 * CM is fine with this as well.
 
### Status of `pvl` application?

* Application PR: [#28](https://github.com/planetarypy/TC/pull/28)
  * AI on MA to merge his and Jesse Mapels' review.
  * Q: Does review organizer decide about conflicting review verdicts?
    * A: Yes. or ask for another review.
    
### Continue discussion of first steps for core
* focus on "data access" first, don't make data management perfect
  * punt to next when we have something in the repo.
  
### Initial repo setup for core
#### Some remaining questions on what cookiecutter sets up:

* requirements_dev.txt
  * it has old requirements
  * is it helpful to pinpoint versions up to patch version?
  * this file is used by tox, e.g.
Discussion: 
* Maybe punt tox setup until we need to require local testing before Pull request.
* Also, pinning only until minor version should be more productive and break less things in dependency trees.

#### License
Does it matter if the license holder is "PlanetaryPy" or "PlanetaryPy developers"
* AA advises with more information, so the latter. (Not a lawyer).

#### Black requirement
How to require black formatting?
 * Github action seems to be a good way.
 
#### Good workflow for TDD?
If design/UI requirements are kept track as broken tests, is it satisfactory to not ever have unbroken tests?
Should we keep requirements elsewhere and add them as tests when development on them starts for real?

* Still track issues first, just start development first with a test, if TDD is applied.

### Other Items
* RB has hirise pipeline code not sure what to do with it.
  * Should become an Aff.Package
  * what to name this package ?
    * maybe "hirise_pipeline"?
    * product ID code will become part of core later.
* AA: sunpy data search abstraction across instruments?
  * keep in mind for local data management.

## Action Items

* MA will merge the package-template and planetarypy PRs
* MA to finish pvl review.

