# Agenda

## Presence

* Andrew Annex
* Michael Aye
* Ross Beyer


## Outstanding action items from last time

* MA had reviewed government and it's merged
* After #23 is merged, let's pvl through process of application package, even before alpha is done. (RB)
  * RB merged #23 and pvl application is in as PR #28
  * RB also submitted to be a top level project for planetarypy at planetarysoftware
* MA to create PR for package-template
  * Ongoing, see below

## Should we set up GitHub sponsorship?
* Maybe not yet, having not much to show, but in the future?
* AA has sponsorship set up for spiceypy, but no income yet
* RB: Requires bank account, so needs a legal entity
* Astropy is sponsored by numfocus indirectly, donations are done via a focused NumFocus to astropy donation page.

## pvl application
* https://github.com/planetarypy/TC/blob/master/Procedures/Affiliated-Package-Review-Process.md needs to be applied
* MA will be coordinator for the review and contact Jesse as a candidate reviewer.
* Discussing #46 (hanging PR for quantities)
  * AA suggests context-maanagers
  * RB: There is a documentation issue to be addressed by RB
     AI: MA to confirm that suggested text by RB makes sense.
  * MA: Looking at it as a supporting framework that should be merged.

## Package template PR for master AND build branches
* MA will manually create an empty branch "build" on the upstream package-build repository.
* Then, MA will create the PR for fork/build into upstream/build

## Action Items

* MA to review #28 PR to readme for PVL application
* MA to confirm that suggested text by RB makes sense.
* MA to create build branch on upstream package-template repo and then create the PR from fork/build to upstream/build

