# PlanetaryPy TC Meeting 2020 September 15th @ 1:30 PM MDT

* Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/2789149686

## Participants

Ross
Andrew
Michael
Chase

## Agenda

### Outstanding action items from last time

* MA to get external reviewer for PVL application [#28](https://github.com/planetarypy/pvl/pull/28)
  * Jesse accepted and has received review instruction template
  * Poke Jesse when 2 weeks are passed.
  
* MA to work on package-template
 * Push the src-based layout
 * This is blocking progress on the core package
 * Side discussion: Action Item to RB to add SPICE dialect to pvl
 
### Implement pvl pypi upload token

* How can we implement it for automation?
* token gets into secret tab for pvl
* AI on Michael to set up GH action

### How to solicit more PlanetaryPy involvement?

* Leave that in here as we didn't have time to discuss last telecon
* Conferences? Not currently...
* RB: Head hunt other packages to join?
  ** need first more stuff in the repo before undergrads can work on it
* reach out in the Slack channel?

### Side discussion first steps for core
* focus on "data access" first, don't make data management perfect

## Action Items

* RB: Add "SPICE" dialect to `pvl`
* MA: Push template with src layout up
* MA: Set up GH action for tag based pypi upload of `pvl`

