# PlanetaryPy TC Meeting 2021 February 23rd @ 1 PM PST / 2 PM MST / 3 PM CST / 4 PM EST / 17:00 UTC

* Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/2789149686

## Participants

* ? 

## Agenda

### Outstanding action items from last time

* MA: Determine if there is a way to set per-repo Admin abilities instead of 
  whole-org Admin abilities in GitHub
* RB: Review `pvl` workflows to integrate and harmonize.
	- Created [pvl Issue 78](https://github.com/planetarypy/pvl/issues/78)
      to take care of this action, and will probably work it the next time there's
	  dev work on `pvl`.
* RB: Review static web page generators.
	- RB is learning `nikola`.


### Repo Cleanup
* [Issue 45](https://github.com/planetarypy/TC/issues/45) talks about several 
  repos in the org that could be removed.  Are there others?

### Affiliated Packages
* `kalasiris` has been [submitted](https://github.com/planetarypy/TC/pull/49), needs
  a review manager.

### Review Process
* Any comments on a Review could also be filed as Issues on the Project repo.
  Should the review coordinator:
  * Just write text in the review and leave it up to the project to file Issues on itself?
  * Not include any comments in the review and file Issues on the project repo?
  * File Issues on the project repo, and reference them by URL in the review?

* What level of private communication between the review coordinator and the applicant
  should take place?  Currently there is none, all communication is done via comments
  on the application PR.


### Plans for Planetary Data Workshop

* Abstract Deadline: April 14, 2021 ([PDW website](https://www.hou.usra.edu/meetings/planetdata2021/))


## Action Items

* ?
