# PlanetaryPy TC Meeting 2021 March 15th @ 12:30 PM PDT / 1:30 PM MDT / 2:30 PM CDT / 3:30 PM EDT / 19:30 UTC

* Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/2789149686

## Participants

* Michael Aye
* Ross Beyer
* Andrew Annex

## Agenda

### Outstanding action items from last time

* MA to produce a minimal example where kalasiris doesn't catch a system error (potentially)
  * Punt 
* MA to look into GH ORG role management (Determine if there is a way to set per-repo Admin abilities instead of whole-org Admin abilities in GitHub)
  * Ross couldn't do anything web hooks to the `pvl` (should be difference between maintainer of a repo and `admin` of a repo)
* MA to put the nbplanetary demo up and invite others to look at it.
  * Was debugging/cleaning, getting closer to share.
* AA looks into inviting someone to support the kalasiris review.
  * Primary didn't respond, Secondary had a "soft confirm"

### Plans for Planetary Data Workshop

* Abstract Deadline: April 14, 2021 ([PDW website](https://www.hou.usra.edu/meetings/planetdata2021/))
  * Punted to top of March agenda.
  * Use boilerplate text from README and our other TC docs (like AP etc.)
  * Use screenshot from accepted AP on packages page https://planetarypy.org/packages/
  * MA: End of next week sent around draft

### Cube reader
MA wants to put the cube reader from pysis into plp-core as it deals nicely with ISIS special pixels
* Objections? better suggestions? GDAL works but doesn't do as much, MA fears
* Side question: What's best practices to incorporate whole module of another project?
  * Trevor's license file seems erroneously to cite `pvl` ? https://github.com/wtolson/pysis/blob/master/LICENSE
* Discussion:
  * RB: Kalasiris has a special pixels module
    * Uses masked arrays for the special
    * MA will have a look at that module
    * Has a docs section
  * The Kalasiris special pixels file has copyright to Trevor in it
  * IT's COMPLICATED.
  
### Affiliated Packages
* `kalasiris` has been [submitted](https://github.com/planetarypy/TC/pull/49), AA is review manager.
* `craterstats` has been [submitted](https://github.com/planetarypy/planetarypy.github.io/pull/5),
  review will be delayed until author is ready, see PR.
  * Telecon happened: Trent paid conversion to Python.
  * Greg Michael wants to leave IDL behind, first Python project, also 1st time GH user
  * Greg agreed to first implement some tests and updates the PR when ready for review.
  * AA mentions that we don't have an incubation stage, where the project could appear in PlaPy but "incubating".
  * Greg willing to learn.
  * Next steps? 
    * Ross' impression: Funded project is done. Intention seems to be to continue developing but level of effort is unclear.
    * We could file gentle issues on repo to stimulate activity
    * Ross wants to point Greg to our rendered package template
  
## Action Items

* MA: End of next week draft abstract for PDW2021
* All: File issues on craterstats if you have time/ideas.
