# PlanetaryPy TC Meeting August 24th @ 12:30 PM PDT / 1:30 PM MDT / 2:30 PM CDT / 3:30 PM EDT / 19:30 UTC

* Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/2789149686
* Delayed a week from normal schedule due to participant conflict.

## Participants

* Michael Aye
* Ross Beyer
* Benoit Seignovert
* Andrew Annex

## Agenda

### Action Items accomplished
* Reached out to Greg. He did not ask to restart the review process, and expressed a 
  desire to understand RTD, so gave him pointers and talked about looking at our
  package-template repo. (Ross)
  * Reach out to him in a couple of months.
* PlanetarySoftware Google Calendar linked to meetings page readme. (Ross)
* MA: Make Scriptorium repo in planetarypy org.
  * email for planetarypy for contributions?
  * AA suggests google domains, as its the host for planetary.org
  * Andrew will look up our options
  * Lines of contribution:
    * email
    * github issue / PR
    * gist links to be managed in readme, or suck it into the repo
    * Github Discussions (ppl still would need a GH account)
    * narrative: happy to take everything, add a copyright suggestion that needs to be added to contributions
    * Ross has a bunch he will push up.

### Outstanding action items from last time

* MA: How to contribute tutorial (readme in scriptorium repo)
  * will be filled with above infos.
* CU: Link to SPIRL/PlutoPy in planetarypy.org, maybe make a new tab... AA to pinch-hit review and such

### Discussion of PlanetaryPy Logo concepts

* Ross had some ideas and fooled around with InkScape.
  * discussed some great ideas around the logos from Ross.
  * Ross will send Michael the slides and he will forward to his brother.


## Action Items

* MA: How to contribute tutorial (readme in scriptorium repo)
* CU: Link to SPIRL/PlutoPy in planetarypy.org, maybe make a new tab... AA to pinch-hit review and such
* MA: Send link to nbplanetary to others when cleaned up docs.
