# PlanetaryPy TC Meeting 2021 January 26th @ 1:30 PM MST

!!! Note, this is one week later than usual !!!

* Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/2789149686

## Participants

* @rbeyer
* Chase
* Andrew
* Michael

## Agenda

### Outstanding action items from last time

* MA: Complete pvl app by pushing changes to PR
  - [PR 28](https://github.com/planetarypy/TC/pull/28) is now updated and needs only
    one more approval before merge.
  - This has now been merged.
* MA: Add more code to core package
  - He's been working
* AA/RB: Submit PR for adding SpiceyPy and Kalasiris as aff. package
  - SpiceyPy application submitted and under review


### Affiliated Package Review Guidelines update

* [Updates PR](https://github.com/planetarypy/TC/pull/46) needs one more approval.
  - Approved and merged.
* Time to update our Python requirement from 3.6 (End of Support: 2021-12-23) to 
  3.7 (End of Support: 2023-06-27)?
  - Had a good conversation about changing.  For now, the plan is to change the
    Python version requirement when the current version reaches End of Support.
    So we will keep our requirement for 3.6 through 2021-12-23, and then switch the
    requirement to 3.7.


### pvl discussion

* Github Actions now [merged](https://github.com/planetarypy/pvl/pull/76) for `pvl`.
* The TravisCI Webhook can now be deactivated, but Ross doesn't have permissions.
	- Andrew deleted Webhook.
	- Ross could be given Admin permissions at the org level, but that's not a model
      we want to follow, because we don't want to allow individual project admins to 
      have admin powers over the whole org.  Need to investigate, see Action Item.
* [publish-to-test-pypi.yml runs too much?](https://github.com/planetarypy/pvl/issues/77)
	- Had a good discussion about process, and kind of came to the conclusion to 
      combine this workflow with the Testing workflow, or something similar.  Ross
      will work.


### SpiceyPy discussion

* [SpiceyPy application submitted](https://github.com/planetarypy/TC/pull/44), and
  under review (@rbeyer is coordinator).
* External review solicited and provided.
* Expect to publish combined review once the 
  [Requirements Updates PR](https://github.com/planetarypy/TC/pull/46) is 
  resolved.

  
### https://planetarypy.github.io/

* Probably need to work on this next.
* There was some outcry against Jekyll, but we're not doing anything complicated,
  and Ross has updates (in offline local repo) that could be PRed soon.
* Go with that, or try and invent something new?
  - A good wide-ranging discussion was had about the various aspect of static site
    generators.  In general, for us at this stage, they are all roughly equivalent,
    because we don't have a lot of requirements and the page is anticipated to be
    quite simple.  Need to do some more homework, but we touched on these:
    - Jekyll - Pros: already kind of have something modeled after HelioPy, and is 
      native to GitHub. Cons: Written in Ruby, kind of fussy.
	- Hugo - Pros: lots of template choices for making the site look nice.  No
      particular cons, but is written in Go, which none of us know.
    - [Pelican](https://blog.getpelican.com) - Pros: Michael tried it once, written
      in Python.  Cons: Michael would now recommend Nikola.
	- [Nikola](https://getnikola.com) - Pros: Michael has tried it, written in Python,
      and has Jupyter notebook support.


### Continue discussion on planetarypy core

* Discussion about planetarypy/config.py PR, and how to set configuration parameters.
  - Talked a lot about mechanisms.
  - Michael was surprised to not find a "best practices" for this kind of thing
    out there to model after.
  - Ross suggested that more documentation about expected usage might help him
    understand how to evalute the code and make better recommendations.


## Discussions for next time?

* Planetary Data Workshop.


## Action Items

* MA: Determine if there is a way to set per-repo Admin abilities instead of 
  whole-org Admin abilities in GitHub
* RB: Review `pvl` workflows to integrate and harmonize.
* RB: Review static web page generators.
