# PlanetaryPy TC Meeting November 16th @ 12:30 PM PST / 1:30 PM MST / 2:30 PM CST / 3:30 PM EST / 20:30 UTC

* Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/2789149686

## Participants

* Michael Aye (MA)
* Ross Beyer (RB)
* Andrew Annex (AA)
* Benoit Seignovert (BS)
* Chase Million (CM)

## Agenda

### Action Items
* AA to create Scriptorium Google Group e-mail alias - done
* MA to report back on logo progress
  * Link to Google slides with logo suggestion:
  * https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1pjFETUdajtZgzNK-NihlnliLvJfPs8m_XSbNlKRApps/edit?usp=sharing
  * Benoit shows a nice improvement on my draft, showing a graticule over the planet with a dipole colorset opposing the logo colors.
  * We agree to adding a moon and change the layout of the graticule a bit, less longitudes, more latitudes.
  * Benoit agreed to keep playing with his design.

### Scriptorium
* Need to add the new e-mail alias to the Scriptorium README. 
* Despite September notes, no other scripts have been added.
  * I and Chase said that there are a few little scripts that we could add.
  * Chase will ping Michael St. Clair

### Craterstats
* Continues to advance slowly, but Affiliated Package application is still "on hold."
  * AA asks if anybody got in touch with Greg Michaels
  * RB reports there are now more tests, 60-70% coverages
  * Maybe time to ping Greg if he wants to pursue affiliation further.
  * AA says pip install from GH repo works
  * Pypi package isn't available yet.
    * Is Greg able to get this working?
  * RB will reach out to Greg

### PlanetaryPy Core

* New version with updated docs released 0.17.5
* https://michaelaye.github.io/nbplanetary/
* Discussion expected
* AA feedback
  * Use Pooch https://pypi.org/project/pooch/
  * Index files: converting to geopackage file
  * That adds ability to do spatial searches
  * There is an official Mars nomenclature (link from RB):
    * https://planetarynames.wr.usgs.gov/shapefiles/MARS_nomenclature_center_pts.zip
    * and all other planets are there, too!
* RB feedback
  * On disk receiving tools exist
  * separation from storage system, for example get the data into current folder
  * split up the system to be usable in parts, not a forced buy-in into all!
  * Utilities is put together random, NASA_date too simple?
* SB
  * Combine the NASA_datetime and NASA_date parser
  * For very old data, years can be only 2 digits, hard to parse
  * SPICE time parser is very reliable
* MA
  * How many dependencies are okay?
* AA
  * We want some higher order SPICE tools in PLPY core, so SpiceyPy should be at least optional dependency

## AOB
* NASA official pointing out that "Service" is not charge-able on grants.
* Skeletor creates conda-forge recipes from pypi metadata
* We cancel next month's meeting due to closeness to Christmas.
* Add a download button for notebooks
 
## Action Items

* Need to add the new e-mail alias to the Scriptorium README. (MA)
* Reach out to Greg about affiliation application (RB)
* Chase will ping Michael St. Clair (CM)
* MA: Add suggestions from above to TODO list for PLPY core.
