# PlanetaryPy TC Meeting 2021 February 16th @ 12:30 PM PST / 1:30 PM MST / 2:30 PM CST / 3:30 PM EST

* Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/2789149686

## Participants

* ? 

## Agenda

### Outstanding action items from last time

* MA: Determine if there is a way to set per-repo Admin abilities instead of 
  whole-org Admin abilities in GitHub
* RB: Review `pvl` workflows to integrate and harmonize.
* RB: Review static web page generators.


### Review Process
* Any comments on a Review could also be filed as Issues on the Project repo.
  Should the review coordinator:
  * Just write text in the review and leave it up to the project to file Issues on itself?
  * Not include any comments in the review and file Issues on the project repo?
  * File Issues on the project repo, and reference them by URL in the review?

* What level of private communication between the review coordinator and the applicant
  should take place?  Currently there is none, all communication is done via comments
  on the application PR.


### Plans for Planetary Data Workshop

* ?



## Action Items

* ?
