# PlanetaryPy TC Meeting September 21st @ 12:30 PM PDT / 1:30 PM MDT / 2:30 PM CDT / 3:30 PM EDT / 19:30 UTC

* Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/2789149686

## Participants

* MA
* RB
* AA

## Agenda

### Action Items accomplished
* Scriptorium
  * README and other documentation put in to place
  * Some scripts now in residence
* Links to SPIRL/PlutoPy PRed and merged to planetarypy.org

#### Discussion
* Maybe add a pointer to do things completely in-browser now to the contributing document?
* Ross added 2 scripts
* Add an email as a contact for submissions (AA will set up a GG to create an email end-point)
* MA should add some small scripts..
* Michael StClair will probably dump some scripts into scriptorium


### Outstanding action items from last time

* MA: Send link to nbplanetary to others when cleaned up docs.
  * Discussion:
  * Need to be able to clean up dictionary of config file for uploading a new one to repo and for merging with user's existing one.
  * Requires traversing nested dictionary, surprised that no standardlib solution exists.
  * Nice blog post: https://nvie.com/posts/modifying-deeply-nested-structures/?utm_source=pocket_mylist
 
### Follow-up on PlanetaryPy Logo concepts

* Showed to MA's brother Rene
* Trying to add a 2nd snake on Lego's version
* Trying idea of cutting out center of Python logo and put a planet in there.

### Crater stats
* Andrew created a PR for the installer of crater stats, adding a setup.py with entry points.

## Action Items

* AA did set up a GG with an email alias, seems to work. (Done)
* MA: Send link to nbplanetary to others when cleaned up docs.
* MA: Report back on logo progress.
