# PlanetaryPy TC Meeting 2021 February 23rd @ 1 PM PST / 2 PM MST / 3 PM CST / 4 PM EST / 21:00 UTC

* Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/2789149686

## Participants

* RB
* AA
* MA

## Agenda

### Outstanding action items from last time

* MA: Determine if there is a way to set per-repo Admin abilities instead of 
  whole-org Admin abilities in GitHub
  * Not done, punt to March.

* Interlude: MA rambles about nbdev and why he uses it. A demo of 'nbplanetary' will be up shortly.

* RB: Review `pvl` workflows to integrate and harmonize.
	- Created [pvl Issue 78](https://github.com/planetarypy/pvl/issues/78)
      to take care of this action, and will probably work it the next time there's
	  dev work on `pvl`.
* RB: Review static web page generators.
	- RB is learning `nikola`.
  * Demo is ready.
  * Ross is happy with what it can do and we want to put it up.
  * Ross shall become owner of the planetarypy.github.io repo for the GH pages entity.

### Repo Cleanup
* [Issue 45](https://github.com/planetarypy/TC/issues/45) talks about several 
  repos in the org that could be removed.  Are there others?
  * Let's delete, it's safe because they are old forks and their content is part of the conda-forge history.

### Affiliated Packages
* `kalasiris` has been [submitted](https://github.com/planetarypy/TC/pull/49), needs
  a review manager.
  * Andrew volunteers to coordinate. :)
  * Possibly asking a dev from USGS to co-review.

### Review Process
* Any comments on a Review could also be filed as Issues on the Project repo.
  Should the review coordinator:
  * Just write text in the review and leave it up to the project to file Issues on itself?
  * Not include any comments in the review and file Issues on the project repo?
  * File Issues on the project repo, and reference them by URL in the review?

#### Discussion

We discuss that an enforcement of creating sub-issue for each review issue could be too much work on all.
The review could end up in linking to follow-up issues. Bigger issues possibly should be made issues right away.
We look at the spiceypy review to see how to improve the process. We still think it's not optimal, but
we are unsure how/where to improve.

Andrew is coordinating the kalasiris review now, so we revisit the question when that's done.


* What level of private communication between the review coordinator and the applicant
  should take place?  Currently there is none, all communication is done via comments
  on the application PR.
  * We agree on that there's no inherent requirment on having private comm., and that the public version even helps in keeping the tone civil.


### Plans for Planetary Data Workshop

* Abstract Deadline: April 14, 2021 ([PDW website](https://www.hou.usra.edu/meetings/planetdata2021/))
  * Punted to top of March agenda.

## Action Items

* MA to produce a minimal example where kalasiris doesn't catch a system error (potentially)
* MA to look into GH ORG role management.
* MA to put the nbplanetary demo up and invite others to look at it.
* AA looks into inviting someone to support the kalasiris review.
