# PlanetaryPy TC Meeting June 17th @ 12:30 PM PDT / 1:30 PM MDT / 2:30 PM CDT / 3:30 PM EDT / 19:30 UTC

* Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/2789149686

## Participants

* Ross Beyer
* Andrew Annex
* Michael Aye


## Agenda

### Outstanding action items from last time

* MA to Trent about polling feature for PDW talk.
  * Not known, most likely RingCentral doesn't support
  * Will find one online

### Plans for Planetary Data Workshop

* Plan is to talk about a roadmap for PlanetaryPy at BoF session and field questions.
	* Do we have a roadmap?
	  * MA has some goals for PDW, starting with CTX and Cassini ISS and general index tools for some more instruments
	  * On top of that we have the graph from the proposal
	  * Dig out survey and use for starting off discussion
	* Maybe use the abandoned OPvLunch slots to meet and work?
	  * Let's meet at OPVLunch slot for core discussion


### Affiliated Packages
* Need Michael or Chase's approval for [PR #59](https://github.com/planetarypy/TC/pull/59) to delete the Affiliated package stuff from the TC repo.  It already lives in its new home under the planetarypy.github.io repo.
  * Done!
  * 
* `craterstats` has been [submitted](https://github.com/planetarypy/planetarypy.github.io/pull/5),
  review will be delayed until author is ready, see PR.
  * Greg is writing a lot of tests: https://github.com/ggmichael/craterstats/commits/main
  * When he's ready, he needs to let us know to "restart" the rerview.
  * Action is on Greg when he's ready.
  * Currently at 64% test coverage.  Should we reach out?  Is that enough to restart?  Goes back to what we think the "bar" is for test coverage.
    * Discussed: We should reach out, it's in our interest to have him join.

### HiRISE and other instrument tools for core
* Some difficulties come from the fact that not all instruments have processing levels on the PDS
* Ross has HiPROC package to re-create the HiRISE processing chain
* Michael's HiRISE package has possibly a confusing naming scheme for the different HiRISE products
* Should discuss what parts to merge into core.
* Ross wants to see what I did with CTX and Cassini ISS to see where things would fit in.

## Action Items

* RB: Put in a PR for setting test criteria percentages
* MA: Send reminder about Tuesday lunch slot meeting

