# PlanetaryPy TC Meeting July 20th @ 12:30 PM PDT / 1:30 PM MDT / 2:30 PM CDT / 3:30 PM EDT / 19:30 UTC

* Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/2789149686

## Participants

* Andrew Annex
* Michael Aye
* Chase Million
* Christian Tai Udovicic
* Ross Beyer
* Benoit Seignovert

## Agenda

* Discuss PDW BoF results
* PlutoPy collab with @cjtu for planetarypy.org tutorials links

# PlutoPy and PlanetaryPy
* overview:
   1. github project to guide contributing to github projects, what is git etc
   2. tutorials for using github, not all aspects of python packaging
   3. make github approachable to planetary science
   4. SPIRL, textbook for course, sorta like software carpentry. Jupyterbook in progress, best practices 
   5. Python packaging is a big barrier for non-coder PS people.

* barriers:
   1. step by step guide to contributing, lots of diverse backgrounds
   2. maybe just allow contributors to just upload files
   3. what does contribute even mean (github context vs an email)
   4. don't need to reinvent wheel on how to share code, maybe github is good enough
   5. afraid of doing the right thing, we need to show the best practices 
   6. our bar is high
   7. people are interested but don't know where to start
   8. we are not serving users with scripts to contribute, core repo? scriptorium repo? cooler name?

* delegating to existing docs:
   1. existing docs maybe too technical 
   2. a guide for how to send something useful to us
   3. SPIRL/PlutoPy

* Collection of Stuff Repo:
   1. Scripts
   2. Notebooks
   3. but not in core
   4. do we have tests? no!
   5. use binder to make it turn-key, maybe attempt to curate the conda env yaml a bit...
   6. maybe not be as strict as a well-done package
   7. do we do some review and cleanup quality checks or ask users?

* Is planetarypy big enough yet to drum up interest?
   1. we need more affiliated packages, rate-limit on that...
   2. increase engagement through new scripts and new packages
   3. make smaller affiliated packages first, make clear small/sporty packages can become affiliated
   4. we haven't existed that long so we need to have more examples/communicate more yet
   5. Benoit and Christian have a few that are great candidates
   6. "Python planetary user's library"

### Outstanding action items from last time

* talk to Greg craterstats

## Action Items

* RB: reach out to Greg craterstats
* MA: Make Scriptorium repo in planetarypy org... better name? 
* CU: Link to SPIRL/PlutoPy in planetarypy.org, maybe make a new tab... AA to pinch-hit review and such
* MA: How to contribute tutorial (readme in scriptorium repo)
* RB: link calendar to meetings page, next meeting to readme on meeting page +timezones +skeleton +slack reminder in openplanetary


