# PlanetaryPy TC Meeting January 25th @ 12:30 PM PST / 1:30 PM MST / 2:30 PM CST / 3:30 PM EST / 20:30 UTC

* Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/2789149686

## Participants

## Agenda

* Additions to Michael's planetarypy core beta
* New logo updates from Benoit
* Excellent experience with JupyterBook: e.g. https://cassini-uvis.github.io/users_guide/03_calibration.html#
  * Download of notebooks easily supportible here.
 
### Action Items
* Need to add the new e-mail alias to the Scriptorium README. (MA)
* Reach out to Greg about affiliation application (RB)
* Chase will ping Michael St. Clair (CM)
* MA: Add suggestions from above to TODO list for PLPY core.
  * Pooch as DL framework?
  * API's to prevent early forced buy-in into PPY file management 
  * index files conversion to geopackage file
    * a nice item for a hacking sprint
  * Official body planetary nomenclature for mapping tools
    * Should be a Mid/Long term goal/milestone 
  * Combine NASA date/datetime parser
    * SPICE time parser sufficient?
  * "Geotools"
  * SPICE tools
  
## AOB
 
## Action Items

