# PlanetaryPy TC Meeting February 22th @ 12:30 PM PST / 1:30 PM MST / 2:30 PM CST / 3:30 PM EST / 20:30 UTC

* Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/2789149686

## Participants

* Michael Aye (MA)
* Ross Beyer (RB)

## Agenda

* Additions to Michael's planetarypy core beta
* New logo updates from Benoit
 
### Action Items
* Need to add the new e-mail alias to the Scriptorium README. (MA)
  * PR submitted 
* Reach out to Greg about affiliation application (RB)
  * MA will coordinate review
  * MA reached out to Greg and he replied that he will ask some IDL users if they had used the Python version yet.

* scriptorium
  * Chase will ping Michael St. Clair (CM) about scriptorium examples?
  * MA just added his spicer scripts
* MA: Add suggestions from above to TODO list for PLPY core.
  * Pooch as DL framework?
    * Punt for hackathon
  * API's to prevent early forced buy-in into PPY file management
    * About to be put in  
  * index files conversion to geopackage file
    * a nice item for a hacking sprint
  * Official body planetary nomenclature for mapping tools
    * Should be a Mid/Long term goal/milestone
    * It's not even defined for non-Earth bodies: what is planetary equivalent to "coastlines"-plotting
    * Need mappers workshop to brainstorm this, maybe discuss in OP.
  * Combine NASA date/datetime parser
    * SPICE time parser sufficient?
      * Still not. 
      * Ross thinks it wasn't doing all time formats
      * Maybe v67 does it now?
        * No. 
  * "Geotools"
    * Added, looking very similar to rasterio
  * SPICE tools
    * Some basic classes to surface illumination calculations, to be added soon.
    * "Parked" in scriptorium

## AOB
  * Chase dialed into planetary software telecon
    * wanted to talk about PDR
 
## Action Items
