# PlanetaryPy TC Meeting August 16th @ 12:30 PM PST / 1:30 PM MST / 2:30 PM CST / 3:30 PM EST / 20:30 UTC

* Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/2789149686

## Participants

* Michael Aye (MA)
* Ross Beyer (RB)
* Andrew Annex (AA)

## pending AIs
* setup poll for new meeting time

## Agenda

### craterstats

* Michael met with Greg about craterstats
* Greg doesn't mind a helping hand for the installation bugs
* To avoid complexity with import_lib we should build it for Python 3.8, when everything was in the standardlib
* I explained to Greg how the requirements.txt file needs to balance ease of life for developer against users
  * Lots of patch-level version pinnings make it hard to install for the user, unless it only would ever be used in its own virtual environment
* I also recommendend against pointing the user to any specific environment, as a novice user could interpret it as that kind of environment to be mandatory, which it rarely is.
* After we made the package installable, MA will initiate/move forward the review process.
* Lots of ideas on how to imprive the project, by making better use of the standard library, but we leave that for later.
* We agree that it's a good idea to have craterstats based on Python 3.8

### Python version

We will talk next time if we want to change our recommended Python version to 3.7 or 3.8 for planetarypy.


* New logo updates from Benoit (if he's present)
  * not present
 
## AOB

### TOML / package build process
* AA mentions scikit-build as an interesting project that wants to [streamline] the build process for Python packages.
  * This comes on top of the existing push to setup.cfg and pyproject.toml, and other changes at PyPA
    * Also, recently, setup.py became obsolete for simple Python-only projects
      * Still supported, but not required anymore 
* AA: TOML becomes stdlib in 3.11, and is iffy to use beforehand as TOML libs are not "there" at install time for the older versions

### PDS4
* Question came up if the specifics of PDS4 were still a "moving target", and RB thinks they are, specifically the data dictionaries that are required to constrain the "volatility" of XML.
* RB:
  * In the old PDS3 days, there was not tight control on the key-names in PDS3 labels. The PDS4 Data Dictionaries provide that control, and Missions can define their own Data Dictionaries (for those items not already covered by the generic higher-level PDSData Dictionaries). The trouble is that the PDS Data Dictionaries are undergoing a lot of change and flux, so current implementors are having a hard time tracking upstream, so to speak.
  
### planetarypy core package
* MA has chance to improve it a bit these days for his current work project, as they want to use the download and easy PDS access to manage local copies of PDS
* Also requires a CLI for scripting it, instead of just using it via a notebook.
* AA reminds of the good [Fire](https://github.com/google/python-fire/blob/master/docs/guide.md) library for CLI, and [pooch](https://www.fatiando.org/pooch/latest/) for managing downloading of datasets.

### pvl
RB pushed an new [release](https://github.com/planetarypy/pvl/releases/tag/v1.3.2) to fix bug that David Meyer (USGS) had found.

### lack of participation 
* RB is worried about lack of participation
* MA will present our work during local talk and at EPSC workshop
* MA also believes that we should put MA's private planetarypy core lib soon up to the ORG, so that newbies see the use cases for it and what it can do by now.

### spiceypy
* Fixed a bug with ARM64 (Apple M1/2) compilation
* still no M1/2 hardware around for better/easier testing/debugging

## Action Items
* MA to setup poll for new meeting time.

