# PlanetaryPy TC Meeting October 18th @ 12:30 PM PST / 1:30 PM MST / 2:30 PM CST / 3:30 PM EST / 20:30 UTC

* Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/2789149686

## Participants

* Michael Aye (MA)
* Ross Beyer (RB)
* Andrew Annex (AA)

## pending AIs

* setup poll for new meeting times
  * will set up before next meeting
* continue with  `craterstats` affiliation application 
  * waiting to get to make craterstats installable via pypi
  * should get to it before next meeting
  
## Agenda

### pending AIs

### report on OpenPlanetary data cafe of EPSC

- Moses Milazzo joined us
- He is asking in NASA HQ to fund several beginners level workshops for working with planetary data
- He wants those to be performed in collaboration with the European planetary community but won't most likely not be able to fund Europeans to visit workshops in the US
- Also of interest for the future is the fact that the Europlanet society (founded only recently) has so called `regional hubs`, e.g. a German hub, or a BE/NE/LUX hub, and the society's leadership has now amassed some funds that they are ready to share with regional hubs for organized activities.
- So, the German hub lead Joern Helbert and me agree that we should organize a data workshop as well next year.

### PDS4 reader slow for 500 MB binary tables. To be expected?

* Probably not surprising, as this leads back to the old issue of archiving vs usability, so, for any serious processing for some big data analysis, we would expect that one would have to download and store the data in other, more performant, formats anyway.

### planetarypy 

- planetarypy has a CTX standard calib CLI command now
- Python CLIs are kinda slow :(
  - AA thinks 3.11 with its 10 to 60% speedup might also help
  - MA is worried that the use of Google's FIRE API for automatic CLI generation makes the call slow as well.

### AOB

- AA reports:
  - Monrovia SPICE workshop, Andrew will present 
  - No fill yet for open positions of NAIF yet.
  - 300 stars on github

- Upon mentioning that we do some CTX and HRSC coregistration at Freie Uni Berlin (FUB), AA mentions his ASAP_STEREO package.
  - Its a helper script/wrapper around ASP


## Action Items

* set up poll for new time
* get craterstats on pypi (sit with Greg to do the pull requests and pypi setup)
