# PlanetaryPy TC Meeting February 22th @ 12:30 PM PST / 1:30 PM MST / 2:30 PM CST / 3:30 PM EST / 20:30 UTC

* Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/2789149686

## Participants

* Michael Aye (MA)
* Ross Beyer (RB)
* Benoit Seignovert (BS)
* Chase Million (CM)
* Andrew Annex (AA)

## Agenda

* Additions to Michael's planetarypy core beta
  * RB: Should discuss smaller pieces and not the whole thing at a time, at least easier to review
  * AA makes point that the reviewer doesn't need to go through every source code line
    * MA then thinks that a large-ish piece to review should be fine
    * MA will implement the general DataManager and then apply for it as core lib.

* New logo updates from Benoit
  * we like it, especially the animation!
  * need to change colors, Benoit will work some suggestions.
 
### Action Items
* Need to add the new e-mail alias to the Scriptorium README. (MA)
  * PR submitted
  * Ross has reviewed it
  * Can merge after 24h
  * Scriptorium has PR-based contribution process to follow, bad Michael (just wanted to "slash" action items :) )

* Reach out to Greg about affiliation application (RB)
  * MA will coordinate review
  * MA reached out to Greg and he replied that he will ask some IDL users if they had used the Python version yet.
  * Need one more person apart from review coordinator
 
* scriptorium
  * Chase wanted to ping Michael St. Clair (CM) about scriptorium examples?
  * MA just added his spicer scripts
  * Remind Chase/Michael St. Clair (done by MA via Slack)

* MA: Add suggestions from above to TODO list for PLPY core.
  * Combine NASA date/datetime parser
    * SPICE time parser sufficient?
      * Still not. 
      * Ross thinks it wasn't doing all time formats
      * Maybe v67 does it now?
        * No. So, plpy.utils still relevant

* "Geotools"
    * Added, looking very similar to rasterio
    * Needs cleanup to remove similarities and inherit classes from rasterio if needed
    * rasterio packaged GDAL for pypi, on conda refer to libgdal (conda-forge), removed headaches of GDAL install a lot!
    
  * SPICE tools
    * Some basic classes to surface illumination calculations, to be added soon.
    * "Parked" in scriptorium

## AOB
  * Chase short update on PDR progress
    * Added support for high impact datasets
      * CRISM, HiRISE, JunoCAM, etc... 
      * will be ready for LPSC!
    * Project risk has reduced, most difficult steps solved
    * Add to PlPy later this year, already! Yippie!
  * Q to AA: Any issues with SpiceyPy 5 and Python 3.10?
    * SpiceyPy still only supports up to 3.9, hence no issues found yet
    * Benoit will create an issue/discussion, might not be SpiceyPy

## Action Items
* None, yay!
