# PlanetaryPy TC  Tue, 24.10.2023 @ 19:30 UTC 21:30 CEST
	* Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/2789149686

## Participants
- Michael Aye (MA)
- Ross Beyer (RB)
- Andrew Annex (AA)
- Christian Tai Udovicic (CTU)
- Trent Hare (TH)
  
## Open AIs
- Craterstats affiliation: MA emailed author of `craterstats` to please accept the PR for improved installation instructions
  - It's maybe worthwhile to note that the package has already 21 GH stars which is more than `pvl` interestingly.
  - Just saying that this possibly "proves" the usefulness to the community?
- planetarypy core has seen some commits to update its skeleton and a config module.

## Agenda

### Andrew's new package
- https://github.com/AndrewAnnex/cycahvore

> Cycahvore (sigh-cah-vor) is a cython wrapper for the C 'cahvor' camera models from JPL's VICAR software

- trying to set it up to push to pypi via GH workflows
- one can clone and do local install
- advantage is that it wraps the original C code instead of reimplementing it in Python!

### `pdr` application as affiliated package
- review coordinator to be Andrew, he will look at what to do
- CTU volunteered to be the supporting reviewer

### skeleton files updates / cookiecutters

- interestingly, there's not a single cookiecutter that does "most" things right (IMHO).
- Only found one cookiecutter that uses pyproject.toml without using it b/c of use of poetry
- Only a very barebone cookiecutter template I found uses the src/<libname> layout
- The Hypermodern cookiecutter is very interesting for setup of several automatisms, but almost does too much and uses poetry.
  - AA comments that Python packaging is such a moving target, even the hypermodern cookiecutter will be out of date. 
- MA decided that my time is better spent in putting the library together than to decide right now for the best package infrastructure.
  - forum agrees that time is better spent on the package code itself.
- Issue with the current PR is that the test notebook has absolute file paths in it.

### AOB
- TWSC is now open for submitting a proposal
  - no deadline
  - open until 2026 (transcends annual ROSES calls)
  - CTU can PI proposals and still wants to captain a proposal like this
  - next year's LPSC is probably too late for a formal funded workshop element but it could always meet informally at a table in the poster hall.
  - Thinking about adding something to next year's (2024) PSIDA.
  - Workshop could either teach others how to work with planetary science data, or focus on hacking new functionality into plpy core.
  
