# PlanetaryPy TC  Tue, 28.11.2023 @ 19:30 UTC 21:30 CEST
	* Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/2789149686

## Participants
- Michael Aye (MA)
- Andrew Annex (AA)
- Ross Beyer (RB)
- Christian Tai Udovicic (CTU)

## Open Action Items / Ongoing Activities

### Status of `craterstats` application as affiliated package (AP)
- About to send email for TC team review before posting it to issue
  
### Status of `pdr` AP application
- One review done, one review missing
- See below for Python version requirement

### Pull request status for core package
- Suggested action items by RB and others to go forward with core's development process:
  - submit the new changes for config class, following Andrew's suggestions
  - add governing documents for PRs for core package
  - add PR for Contributing documents
  - update Readme with warnings
  - go through other governing documents
  - link to existing private package
  - then: make public once above merged

  
### Minimum required Python version?
- We currently demand compatibility with Python 3.6 or higher.
- `pdr` doesn't support lower than 3.9., for example.
- Should we bump this?

#### Discussion
- 3.7 end of life was a while ago
- We should bump it, but to what version? :
- RB: Python minor version march quite regularly now
  - Our intent shall be: Modern enough, but low enough that most people have it on their machines.
  - Agreed: 3.9 will be new minimum
  - any other version higher than the minimum requirement is orange

### AOB
- Rumors has it that EU gets a lunar research infrastructure
- US-similar calls could be SSERVI, maybe.
- Any milestones to be set for the proposal for a workshop?
- EPSC addition of a workshop maybe?
- Want a dry run of a hackathon/workshop at LPSC
  - gives a good motivation for getting core to a "workable" status
