# PlanetaryPy TC Meeting January 17 2023 @ 12:30 PM PST / 1:30 PM MST / 2:30 PM CST / 3:30 PM EST / 20:30 UTC

* Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/2789149686

## Participants

* Michael Aye (MA)
* Andrew Annex (AA)

## pending AIs

## Agenda

### replies to poll for new meeting time

* Only Ross replied so far:
  * http://whenisgood.net/nqan4gk
  * Andrew added his availabilities now.

### finish craterstats affiliation application
* what's next step? (just clarification)
  * We actually don't have a PR yet, so Michael will ask Greg to formally apply for the affiliation now.
    * Correction from RB: The PR is on the homepage files where the affiliations are listed. So we need to continue there.
  * Michael and Andrew will then go through our affiliation procedure

### Planetarypy core design 
* MA asks how to balance config file complexity vs flexibility for data storage use cases:
  * e.g. HiRISE archives stores with orbit folders, users may want to recreate that folder structure
  * CTX stores with volumes (but no orbit folders), again users might want to store with volume folders as well for some reason?
  * To offer both using these options (orbit folders for HiRISE and volume folders for CTX) would been that HiRISE and CTX need their own DataManager, because it's near impossible (and would be hard to maintain) to write a general DataManager so complex that it can react to all these subleties in the config file (e.g. use_volume_folders = True, use_orbit_folders = True).
  * So, question (MA): Is it simply okay that each instrument gets its own DataManager? The only remaining similary between different data managers, I'm afraid is the download web request, but storing and finding it later might ALL be instrument-dependent and not unifiable (which was a dream I had for easier maintenance.
  * Andrew pointed again to the pooch (https://github.com/fatiando/pooch) library. Maybe it's a too big weapon for a seemingly small-ish problem, but it could simply remove questions from the decision process (similar to how we don't agree with all black formatting decisions, but the fact that there's a standard still improves things a lot).
  * MA will have a serious look at pooch until next month.
  
### Spiceypy can Cython
* AA managed to run some functions of `spiceypy` in a Cython-accelerated fashion.
* He sees around factor 2 improvements against running spiceypy in the old way.
* Less than AA hoped for, but not negligible either.
* More tweaking might bring more
* Strings were a lot of work to do them correctly with Cython.

### Abstract for PDW?
* We soon should start thinking about an abstract for PDW, if we want to.
* After-meeting feeling of MA for this is:
  * If MA gets around to release/apply for a merge of PlPy core and have good docs, then it's worth it, otherwise maybe not.

## Action Items
* MA to ask Greg to submit affiliation PR for `craterstats`.
* MA to have a serious look at pooch now.
* MA to ask Benoit and Chase to fill in the poll for earlier meeting time.
