# PlanetaryPy TC  Tue, 18.07.2023 @ 12:30 PM PDT / 12:30 PM MST / 2:30 PM CDT / 3:30 PM EDT / 19:30 UTC
	* Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/2789149686

## Participants
- Michael Aye (MA)
- Ross Beyer (RB)
- Andrew Annex (AA)
- Christian Tudovicic (CT)

## Open AIs
* MA sent an email about classifying craterstats as offering an API or not (relevant for review)
  
## Agenda

### Craterstats
- no discussion, addressing worries about breaching agreement on anonymous review

### Logos
- I asked Benoit last week if he has sent them and I missed it. no reply (on holidays?)
 
### Is craterstats only CLI?
- Wondering if craterstats is only a CLI tool
- I don't think we expect all affiliates to offer an API, correct?
  - no discussion, see above.

### planetarypy core
- working on getting coverage in and improving docs
- Christian offered help before, still available?
  - Christian is willing to help

### AOB
- CT wants to take the lead in proposing to NASA ROSES TWSC (F.2) call for support of conference/meetings/hackathon
  - This was recommended by member of astropy package as being a good and easy way to jumpstart use and popularity of a package
  - Anything up to 50k is eligible, sufficient for several people to travel (non-US possibility remains to be determined if feasible)
  - TWSC has notes in the call page, that it is being taken out of ROSES to become its own call
  - Need to contact Stephen Crawford if we could attach it already to next year's LPSC

- Should `pdr` become part of `planetarypy` in the future?
  - CT points out interesting effect that happened when the FITS module became part of astropy, more people were using the astropy library
  - Could the same happen to planetarypy if we were to implement `pdr`?
  - Million Concepts would have to agree and would need to wait for end of project possibly?
  - MA: (aftermeeting thought): It was said during PDW2023 that NASA HQ is seeking ways to establish funding for long-term support. Need to keep this in mind for `pdr` and `planetarypy`

### Next meeting
Due to MA vacation we skip the August meeting. Next meeting September 19th.

## Action Items
- CT to to contact Stephen Crawford at NASA HQ about the TWSC funding call and its removal from ROSES
