# PlanetaryPy TC Meeting February 28 2023 @ 12:30 PM PST / 1:30 PM MST / 2:30 PM CST / 3:30 PM EST / 20:30 UTC

* Zoom Link: <https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/2789149686>

## Participants

* Michael Aye (MA)
* Ross Beyer (RB)
* Andrew Annex (AA)
* Benoit Seignovert (BS)
* Trent Hare (TH)
* Chase Million (CM)
* Christian Tai Udovicic (CTU)
  
## pending AIs

* kick-onwards the procedures for craterstats affiliation
* MA to ask Benoit and Chase to fill in the poll for earlier meeting time.
  * Add-on: Benoit wants it as well.
## Agenda

### Trent asks: Lessons learned from taking craterstats on as affiliated?

* Is packaging a requirement?
* MA: PPTC certainly supports folks that don't know packaging
* AA: We have project template that would be a good start for starting a new package
* RB: Take away: State somewhere that we highly encourage to contact us early to be helpful before investing time into wrong direction

### PDART to extend planetarypy to support MSL/M2020 PDS indexes (AA)

AA reports:
* During Planetary terrain workshop a Brainstorming happened on things that community needs
* Lots of little tasks required for a full image processing pipeline
* CM points out that PDART is now PDAR and doesn't support software anymore, there are new funding lines though
  * RB points out that was just temporarily, the T is back in PDART for 2023
* Index files still useful, but missing in PDS4 definitions, at least nominally
  * MA has repeatedly pointed this out to PDS folks
  * At last discussion, Anne Rough agreed that index files would be useful, at least via a dynamic creation of an index file for a given set of columns.
  * MA asked Anne Rough and Jordan Padams in OP slack if there was any progress made for index files for PDS4.

### plio: Affiliate, absorb, or both (cherry-pick)?

* Controlnets are more complicated "next level" to do mosaics then just plotting it in a QGIS
* GXP control networks to ASP ??
* RB: Who is plio lead?
  * Jay Laura with contributions from others
* (Edit: I have unfortunately no conclusion noted down from this discussion.)

### pooch

* pooch is nice but absolutely requires file hashes. We don't have them for PDS data?
  * AA says it does support ops without file hashes
  * they are used for file integrity
  * timestamps aren't the safest
  * MA feels that engineering for data file safety is violating the [80-20 rule](https://dzone.com/articles/applying-8020-rule-software), in that there are the obvious much lower hanging fruits of making folks happy first about getting data easily in the first place, before worrying about the rare downloading error case where a download is corrupted without the downloading processor realizing it.
  * Additionally, MA needs to check if `pooch` is making it easy to get to the downloaded datafiles, as this is a wish for many if not most datascientists, to be able to deal with the files directly, when necessary.

### AOB

* RB on `pvl` issue about line ending:
  * (Edit: Ross, could you help me here, I skipped on taking notes) 

* TH reports:
  * astrodiscuss will be closed per direction of DOI
  * GH issues might be the only way to get in contact with ISIS team
  * keep good bits of astrodiscuss would be nice to achieve

## Action Items
* kick-onwards `craterstats`
* create new poll for when we could do meeting at easier times.

## Chat record from the Zoom session

21:45:34 From Ross Beyer to Everyone:
 <https://planetarypy.org/packages/review-guidelines/>
21:59:09 From Chase Million to Everyone:
 Just as a point of order‚Ä¶ PDART no longer exists. It‚Äôs now called PDAR and will not fund software. There are 4(!) new funding lines for software.
22:01:41 From Ross Beyer to Everyone:
 That was just for ROSES 2022, in ROSES 2023, it is PDART again: <https://nspires.nasaprs.com/external/solicitations/summary.do?solId={9745C2FE-7CCC-EC20-1912-2D5064A12BFA}&path=&method=init>
22:02:02 From Chase Million to Everyone:
 My mistake!
22:02:43 From Ross Beyer to Everyone:
 Every year is a new year.  May be PDAR again next year?
22:09:11 From Chase Million to Everyone:
 We have a complete index of the PDS as a byproduct of the `pdr` development. We are thinking of submitting to one of the ROSES23 funding lines for a smallish budget to convert that into a search tool. Includes both PDS3 and PDS4.
22:10:06 From Chase Million to Everyone:
 We have not scraped all the headers. But we can! We benchmarked it. Won‚Äôt take us long.
22:11:37 From Michael Aye to Everyone:
 @chase: Nice!
22:11:43 From Trent to Everyone:
 Reacted to "@chase: Nice!" with üëç
22:12:48 From Andrew Annex to Everyone:
 Chase you got md5 checksums for the pds right?
22:12:58 From Chase Million to Everyone:
 Yes. We have checksums
22:13:19 From Andrew Annex to Everyone:
 Checksums + <https://github.com/fatiando/pooch>
22:14:05 From Chase Million to Everyone:
 Very nice. We already homebrewed software to solve this problem, but I‚Äôll star this for next time.
22:14:12 From Christian Tai Udovicic to Everyone:
 that sounds super useful Michael excited to try it out
22:26:59 From Benoit Seignovert to Everyone:
 Data versioning as well
22:27:26 From Trent to Everyone:
 @benoit . Aren't you working with Jean-Christophe and Nico to index PDS also? And you are adding STAC (which is interesting since they are not map projected).
22:27:28 From Benoit Seignovert to Everyone:
 Concurrency as well
22:28:16 From Benoit Seignovert to Everyone:
 @Trent: I‚Äôm not involved in this effort unfortunately
22:28:45 From Chase Million to Everyone:
 Ah, I understand now.
22:31:35 From Trent to Everyone:
 Reacted to "@Trent: I‚Äôm not i..." with üëç
22:32:50 From Benoit Seignovert to Everyone:
 I had the same kind of issue.
22:33:06 From Benoit Seignovert to Everyone:
 md5 is not sufficient for security purposes
22:33:18 From Benoit Seignovert to Everyone:
 They do for some datasets
22:33:41 From Trent to Everyone:
 @chase, you should look at this repo: <https://github.com/pdssp/pds_crawler>
22:36:12 From Benoit Seignovert to Everyone:
 <https://pds-imaging.jpl.nasa.gov/data/cassini/cassini_orbiter/coiss_1007_md5.txt>
22:38:41 From Chase Million to Everyone:
 Reacted to "@chase, you should l..." with üëç
22:42:56 From Benoit Seignovert to Everyone:
 Same md5 archive file from OPUS is available in their viewmaster interface: <https://pds-rings.seti.org/holdings/checksums-volumes/COISS_2xxx/COISS_2001_md5.txt>
22:43:07 From Benoit Seignovert to Everyone:
 <https://pds-rings.seti.org/viewmaster/volumes/COISS_2xxx>
22:43:38 From Michael Aye to Everyone:
 yes but not for other archives on the rings-moons node, so it was pre-produced...
22:43:48 From Chase Million to Everyone:
 @trent We didn‚Äôt make our crawler code public because we didn‚Äôt want to encourage people to DDOS the archives. ;-)
22:45:18 From Andrew Annex to Everyone:
 Write your congressperson?
22:51:38 From Trent to Everyone:
 Reacted to "@trent We didn‚Äôt ..." with üëç
