# PlanetaryPy TC Meeting March 21 2023 @ 12:30 PM PST / 1:30 PM MST / 2:30 PM CST / 3:30 PM EST / 20:30 UTC

* Zoom Link: <https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/2789149686>

## Participants

* Michael Aye (MA)
  
## pending AIs

* kick-onwards the procedures for craterstats affiliation
  * kicked onwards yesterday
* Meeting poll to send around
  * It's here: https://calendly.com/d/z37-vb6-vsw/planetarypy-tc
  

## Agenda

### Trent's and Christian's discussion about fundworthy issues

### plio: Affiliate, absorb, or both (cherry-pick)?

* Where did we leave the discussion at?
* As a reminder, that's what I noted last month:

> * Controlnets are more complicated "next level" to do mosaics then just plotting it in a QGIS
* GXP control networks to ASP ??
* RB: Who is plio lead?
  * Jay Laura with contributions from others
* (Edit: I have unfortunately no conclusion noted down from this discussion.)

### AOB

## Action Items
