# PlanetaryPy TC Meeting June 23 2023 @ 11:00 AM PST / 8:00 PM CEST

* Zoom Link: <https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/2789149686>

## Participants

* Michael Aye (MA)
* Ross Beyer (RB)
* Andrew Annex (AA)
* Christian Tudovicic (CT)
* Benoit Seignovert (BS)
  
## pending AIs

* MA to meet with AA about craterstats review
  
## Agenda

### Is coverage metric important for a package?
* AA: it's at least worth as a general "sniff test", but without a guarantee of indicating quality. It's better than no metric as a status for testing
* BS: Good for beginners, good way to highlight issues
* AA: useful in general, good for code quality checking
    
### vote on logo?
* Benoit did not have his laptop with him during the day
* Benoit will send logo updates next Monday
  
### talks on PDW
* AA and RB in person in Flagstaff
* AA talks about
  * spiceypy status
  * OpenGIS status (from LPSC poster)
  * ML talk, apply segment anything by Meta to mastcam-z data to count boulders
* RB: Viper cartography and topography talk
* MA talks about planetarypy core status and has a demo on Tuesday
* Does Jay Laura present on STAC?
  * he advertised CTX dataset on slack and has talk about it
  * USGS has open dataset policies, so producing STAC datasets follows that
  * RB: their goal is to show a working system that produces STAC
  * could be good discussion and/or connection point with planetarypy
  * or not? Are they actually language-agnostic?
    * yes, just JS catalogs
* Bob Dean (JPL), grandfather of VICAR
  * will present new stuff of a release at PDW 2023
  * still used for some things at running missions (or self-improved VICAR code like DLR uses)
     

## Action Items
* MA to schedule a meet with AA about review
* BS to provide new logo updates next Monday
