# Meeting notes for 2023-09-26

## Present:
- Michael Aye (MA)
- Ross Beyer (RB)
- Andrew Annex (AA)
- Chase Million (CM)
- Christian Tai Udovicic (CTU)

## Pending Action Items
### Application to Affiliate Package for `craterstats`
- MA points out that he feels conflicted as review manager b/c he helped improve the `craterstats` package.
- RB states that he agrees it's not ideal, but we are small team and that MA should finish the task now. MA agrees, no other objections.

## Updating the package skeleton for core packages
- MA asks if it's okay for simplicity to wipe current status of skeleton files in the core repo and start with a fresh production of an updated cookiecutter.
  - no objections, so we make it so.
- Related to this, MA asks for opinions on RTD vs Github pages.
  - The meeting agrees that they are in principle equivalent with no clear preferable site for auto-generated docs.
  - AA reports on recent issues with forced changes from the RTD framework
- Discussing the testing framework as triggered by GitHub
  - AA states that he went from larger GH workflows to reduced smaller ones by letting a Makefile control the execution of whatever he needed to
  execute during a GH workflow trigger.
    - This would reduce complexity of GH workflow code, plus it would enable to run tests locally in a very similar fashion to running them on GH after PR merges.

## Related to updating the core skeleton key, CTU asks if maintaining our own cookiecutter is too much work?
- The forum agrees that we should try simply to point to one or a "standard" Python cookiecutter that we could agree to be using, to save effort.

## CUT: Organizing a workshop
- CUT spoke with funding manager for the NASA ROSES "Fund workshops" call.
- Apparently there will be a new funding call for tender (outside ROSES?) spun off from the existing one.
- No submission is currently possible anymore to the existing ROSES call and the new tender would not be available for submission in time for LPSC.
- RB: Will try to mention this situation to Moses Milazzo during meeting this afternoon.
  - Also, RB recommends unsolicited proposals in general, but it needs to be directed towards "sympathetic ears/reviewer"

## Next steps for core library
- apply new cookiecutter and put scaffolding in place of old files.
- start with config module to copy over from `nbplanetary`, add tests, make them run via GH workflows.
