# PlanetaryPy TC Meeting February 28 2023 @ 12:30 PM PDT / 12:30 PM MST / 2:30 PM CDT / 3:30 PM EDT / 19:30 UTC

* Zoom Link: <https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/2789149686>

## Participants

* Michael Aye (MA)
* Andrew Annex (AA)
* Beno√Æt Seignovert (BS)
* Christian Tai Udovicic (CTU)
* Ross Beyer (RB)
  
## pending AIs

* finish craterstats review
  
## Agenda

* Discuss a bit about requirements of affiliated packages review and what the intended outcome of failing review points should be.
  * Michael should hold a chat with Andrew about his review
* Potentially logos if Benoit can make it
  * Benoit shows current status
  * We agree that multi-color font isn't necessary, a single black color is probably best
  * Benoit will create 2 more color palettes on top of the one using Python logo colors blue/yellow and try to add snake head if it works.
  * Idea is to vote on it next time.
* MA got talk and demo time for current features of candidate core lib at PDW

### pooch

* pooch is helpful but not sufficient for the existing features. A combo use might be best

### AOB

* STAC catalogs
  * Are STAC catalogs useful to connect PDS3 datasets more easily to GIS?
  * Seems to be an upcoming standard and connect indeed better to GIS, feels like good for community if that would exist for planetary datasets
  * Could Andrew's group write  a proposal for that?
    * AA's group wanted to write a PDART mostly about rover data, linking it with TOPS
  * Is Chase already thinking about it?
  * Moses Milazzo also wanted to write "something"?
  * using planetarypy as vehicle for governance and recognition
  
* Spiceypy (AA)
  * Cython improved, shown in PDW abstract
  * Spiceypy slowly using more performant Cython code
  * Get compiled version still a nightmare for Windows

## Action Items
* MA should meet with AA about review.
