# PlanetaryPy TC Meeting

2024 March 19 at 9:30 HST, 12:30 PDT, 15:30 PM EDT, 19:30 UTC, 20:30 CET

Zoom Link: [https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/2789149686](https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/2789149686) 

## Participants
- Ross Beyer (RB)
- Andrew Annex (AA)
- Christian Tai Udovicic (CTU)

### TWSC (Proposal for conference support)

- Christian will talk about the PlanetaryPy proposal he's been working on for the Topical Workshops, Symposia, and Conferences (TWSC) call.
- Notes:
  - scope question: is hackathon best to be attached to a big meeting
  - other activities: prep, like slides/tutorials, roadmap document?
  - comment by AA: one afternoon isn't very much. maybe preface it with a virtual hackathon
  - there are TOPS training modules, could combine those in our workshop to help folks running
  - RB: Let's do some out of meeting work on the documents
  - main idea: lets not only address core development
  - Action: AA and CJT meet to discuss further

### "Incubation" Status

- We need to figure out what the language, requirements, and details are of the PlanetaryPy "incubation" status that we talked about at the last meeting. We all agreed that it was a good idea, but we didn't pin down any details.

    - AI: AA volunteers to work on a draft text

### PlanetaryPy core

- There are currently two PRs that are now months old. We need to talk about each, and decide how to move forward.
- Discuss public/private state of core repo

#### Notes

- CJT: put a timeline on putting
- Aim for weekly meeting with CJT
- RB: make it public rather sooner than later
- AA: working public shouldn't harm
- Go public by 3rd of April
- remove GH notifications from slack channel
- Action: All review pull request #8

## AOB
None.

# New Action Items
- AA and CJT meet to discuss further TWSC
- All to review PR #8 for core repo
