# PlanetaryPy TC meeting

19:30 UTC 21:30 CEST * Zoom Link: [https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/2789149686](https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/2789149686)

participants: Ross Beyer, Andrew Annex, Christian Tai Udovicic, Michael Aye

# Open action times

- Make Plpy core public!

- pvl subscription was removed from Slack channel planetarypy

    - if you want ALL the development related github notifications subscribe to plpy_core_dev, i use this, but you don't have to...

# Agenda

## Planetarypy Core

- currently implementing workflow to run tests via makefile

    - for developing workflows a rapid fire pushing of workflow code is fine

    - but pushing to a pull request also should trigger it without pushing to main directly

    - codecov action  for coverage, pytest --cov to crreate report

- pip install from github is a fine way

    - but even for end users?

    - publish different dev stages under same pypi project?

    - having no clean way to disseminate a package via "pip install name" is a problem, so we need to solve the issue with a further advanced 

    - we can push version to 0.50, explain in notes that we reduce functionality for the time being

- What to focus next: Better test coverage for existing stuff? Or more features?

    - pick a cov goal of 60% before adding new features.

- Best way to git track notebook diffs of metadata? what do folks do.

    - e.g.:

```text
‚ùØ git diff tests/test_config.ipynb
diff --git i/tests/test_config.ipynb w/tests/test_config.ipynb
index b2c9c77..5ddc7f7 100644
--- i/tests/test_config.ipynb
+++ w/tests/test_config.ipynb
@@ -398,7 +398,7 @@
    "name": "python",
    "nbconvert_exporter": "python",
    "pygments_lexer": "ipython3",
-   "version": "3.9.19"
+   "version": "3.9.16"
   }
  },
  "nbformat": 4,
```

- notebooks are not clean enough for source code tracking

    - notebooks as a means to share example code seems to be frowned upon by most members of the TC, MA will research a bit more about existing stuff...

- do we need big issue template with releasing copyright like Ross has for pvl?

    - this was only for pull requests not opening issues

## AOB

- incubation status docs

    - AA will merge it later today

- AA and RB learned a lot about PyHC is run and they want

    - talk about it next time for 20 mins or so. in August.

- 

# New Action Items

- finish implementing workflow
