# PlanetaryPy TC meeting

2024 June 4 at 9:30 AM HST, 12:30 PM PDT, 15:30 PM EDT, 19:30 UTC, 21:30 CET

Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/2789149686

## Participants

- Ross Beyer
- Andrew Annex
- Christian Tai Udovicic
- Michael Aye
  
## Agenda

### Open action times

- MA will remove slack for pvl
    - still open

- MA and CTU will review incubation docs
    - Sorted out access rights, CTU will add his comments to the PR

- MA will work on spice PR for core library
    - Goal to make core public by end of week with this PR merged.
    - Code implemented 
    - Double check how to define static URL on github files (CDN hosting), is the RAW URL fine or not?

- RB: will email Greg Michaels about closing aff. pack app.
    - MA to send link to planet. sci software list for that email.
    - RB did send the email to Greg and the PR is closed.

- CTU will work on TWSC application during next month
    - See below Agenda

### Report from NASA Software Workshop

- Ross and Andrew met Julie from [PyHC](https://heliopython.org) and learned a lot about how they got started and how they are currently operating.

- This was a good meeting and really ranged over a lot of general software topics at NASA.


### craterstats

- Affiliate Package application withdrawn at author's request, [PR closed](https://github.com/planetarypy/planetarypy.github.io/pull/5).

- If we ever have just a list of packages without any qualifications, that's all that the craterstats author wants.


### Incubation docs

- PR is still open: <https://github.com/planetarypy/TC/pull/98>
    - Comments from Christian that need to be addressed.
    - He couldn't push to PR, maybe need to review access info.

### Core package PR status

- The spice module [PR#11](https://github.com/planetarypy/planetarypy/pull/11) remains open.
- When this PR lands, the repo will be transitioned to "public" access.


### TWSC Status

- TWSC : extended outline exists, but no other progress

- budget exercises done with Chase
- We want to offer "some" travel support/scholarship to enable getting to the event
- 50k number is a threshold for internal vs external review (interesting!)

    - one cannot due too much with 50k, but younger postdocs time and some travel funds would be feasible

    - AA thinks one can do it with 50k (if attached to other meeting?)

        - if tied to LPSC, travel funds only need to pay for another day
- Scope?
    - CM (offline) : challenging to do hackathon on something rapidly changing/still fresh in dev
        - we still need to go public, so nobody knows it.
    - Should maybe show this on EPSC OpenPlanetary data cafe
        - MA has actually AI to get the cafe going
        - AA makes a point about branding, need to distinguish scopes for proposal, make separation froh OP data cafe clear
    - CTU: community focus important and looks best to NASA program
    - Is there a TWSC deliverable to be created?
    - Whitepaper would/could point to a peer-reviewed paper, which we maybe want to do at later stage?
    - format? (what to actually do on the day)

# New Action Items
None.

