20:30 UTC 21:30 CEST * Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/2789149686

# Open action times
- AA to merge incubation docs
    - are we all maintainer on the TC repo?
    - check repo settings
- Core to implement GH workflows

# Agenda
## PyHC
AA and RB learned a lot about PyHC is run and they would like to report and discuss relevance to the PlanetaryPy project.

RB: AA and RB met Juile, community manager of PyHC
- seemed wild to RB how they operate?
- They focused on people while focused on code
- funded small grant for a community manager
- workshops have 100 in person participants+ 300 online
- CM: just received a call that forbids code dev, just community building
- AA: is mode of operandi difference in heliophysics maybe a reason for split up community compared to planetary physics?
- MA: Geo folks seem to be able to gather / collect?
- CM: earth funds are also magnitudes higher than planetary

### Training efforts

CM: apply for TWSC for PDW 2025
2 days meeting of stakeholders
2 days training and hacking

Sierra: NSF POSE proposals
phase 1 : figure out how to grow
phase 2: do the growing

TWSC by Christian and Andrew
- Christian would like to hand on the lead as he might be off US by next year
- We still think it's worth for an extra TWSC application in addition to the PDW one by Chase

### Plans for PDW 2025
- CM requested to discuss
