---
type: Meeting
title: PlanetaryPy TC meeting
date: '2024-04-16'
participants: [Ross Beyer, Andrew Annex, Christian Tai Udovicic, Michael Aye]
---

# PlanetaryPy TC meeting

20:30 UTC 21:30 CEST * Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/2789149686

# Open action times

none open

# Agenda

## Response from Author of craterstats

- Incubation status email response disappointing

- Should email author to inform that affiliation application will be closed

    - Action for RB

    - Point him to list of Plan Sci software from OpenPlanetary

## Incubation docs

- Andrew made good effort on PR for a definition document on the incubating software package status. [https://github.com/planetarypy/TC/pull/98](https://github.com/planetarypy/TC/pull/98)

- RB reviewed it already, MA and CTU to follow (Action Item)

- CTU: is there better term than "incubating" ?

- CTU: "Software license is applicable" ? Is it ever not?

    - PPTC does encourage open license like BSD or similar but for incubation it would exactly be a good time to talk about licensing questions.

    - No requirement to have this sorted out in incubation status.

- AA: Incubation status will feed into what a TWSC funding line could support, so it's good timing

## Core package PR status

- we somehow missed a deadline we set to go public on April 3rd ? :)

- Agreed to finish spice PR and then go public by end of week.

## TWSC / OP Talk by Crawford

- Talk from Crawford: Basically encouraged applying for TWSC and similar things

    - CTU: Talk will be uploaded soon

- TWSC : extended outline exists, but no other progress

## AOB

- pvl GH still notifies planetarypy channel i think? Should I (KMA) remove that as well?

    - RB: remove it.

# New Action Items

- MA will remove slack for pvl

- MA and CTU will review incubation docs

- MA will work on spice PR for core library

    - Goal to make core public by end of week with this PR merged.

- RB: will email Greg Michaels about closing aff. pack app.

    - MA to send link to planet. sci software list for that email.

- CTU will work on TWSC application during next month

