---
type: Meeting
title: PlanetaryPy TC Meeting
date: '2024-01-16'
participants: [Andrew Annex, Ross Beyer, Christian Tai Udovicic, Michael Aye]
---

# PlanetaryPy TC Meeting

20:30 UTC 21:30 CEST * Zoom Link: [https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/2789149686](https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/2789149686) 

## Open Action Items / Ongoing Activities 

- Update core package docs, push PR, several things on core 

### Status of `craterstats` application as affiliated package (AP) 

- Author of craterstats isn't comfortable with craterstats being listed with less than Green scores across the board.

- We acknowledged this concern and tried to brainstorm alternatives, but the simple fact (as CTU pointed out) is that there is frequently a lack of funding for developers in Planetary Sciences to devote enough time to a project to make it pass with all-green colors, so we really needed to come up with something to recognize and enable projects that aren't or can't be all-green.

- We decided to establish an "incubator" status for projects.  This allows us to have two "tiers:" the more complete Affiliated Package (although its standards and requirements aren't changing, including allowing listing with some orange markers), and then an "Incubation" category to allow projects to be recognized and visible to enable us to help focus community on those projects.  Truly, that's what craterstats has been, but only the TC has been doing the helping.

#### Summary:

- Let's look at defining incubator status more precisely, b/c craterstats is quite higher quality than usual incubator status comes to mind 

- AA/RB: Affiliated status is quite high tier of quality and should be

- RB will draft e-mail to craterstats inviting to new incubator status.

### Progress of core

- Put the amount of PR Reviews required into Contrib document. 

- CTU is happy to work on GitHub workflow when currently open PRs are merged.

### CTU TC membership 

- need to vote on it

- Chase Million missing, but we have a quorum.

- Vote: CTU is accepted as new TC member

## Action Items

- RB to redraft email to Craterstats email discussing incubator status 

- MA to finish Contrig documents and Core PRs
