Participants:
- Andrew Annex (AA)
- Christian Tai Udovicic (CTU)
- Michael Aye (MA)

## Core progress

- Planetarypy constants kernel parsed 
  - AA : maybe using spice better (implementation detail)
  - should get into core

- spice kernels for ongoing flight missions
  - isis has something slow and old to manage kernels
  - mission-dependent time-database, b/c they don't do the same between missions
  - not a small effort to implement

- We conclude to rename datetime module to something better, as it is confusing and not reflecting current functionality well


## Affiliated

Christian is asking what version is being required for affiliated versions
it asks for 3.9 dependent not "3.9 or higher"
should we relax that requirement?

To be discussed further!


## SpiceyPy

AA: working in spiceypy again, cython enhancements
estimates something finished by end of summer

## LPSC
PDE meeting happened, worried about data missing in the future
AA is submitting a proposal to a high priority open source software funding opportunity
NRESS is doing review of all existing grants, deadline at end of month for some decision

## AOB
We should revisit the logo issue!

